# TIL20221217

## dplyr ↔ base

| 함수명                                 | 내용                 | 유사함수                          |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------ | ----------------------------- |
| filter()                            | 지정한 조건식에 맞는 데이터 추출 | <p>subset()<br>data[조건, ]</p> |
| select()                            | 열의 추출              | data\[, columns]              |
| mutate()                            | 열 추가               | transform()                   |
| arrange()                           | 정렬                 | order(), sort()               |
| <p>group_by()</p><p>summarise()</p> | 집계                 | aggregate(, list)             |

## 영어공부

* I wish it had been less crowded.
* It was like nowhere I'd ever been before.
* It doesn't matter where you go, but who you with.
* There are many big trees that have lots of shade.
* You will see nice trees and hedges as well as joggers and bikers in the park.
* It was one of the most remarkable/extraordinary experiences I ever had.
* My place is light and spacious, but it can get very drafty in the winter.
* Kitchen is my favorite area of the house. It's not too big, but we have everything we need, such as a stove, a fridge, an oven and a microwave. Oh, we also have a new coffee machine from Netscafe which is really important for me because I'm a coffee person.
* I've seen that movie more than 5 times before.
* There is an unexpected twist in the plot.
* There is no unexpected twist in the plot.
* It's such a thought-provoking movie.
* This movie is underrated.
* I'm a coffee person. I'm a huge coffee lover.
* I usually prefer to order an Iced Americano.
* I can choose various types of milk such as soy milk or low-fat milk.
* If I'm not able to travel somewhere for a vacation, I usually just stay at home and have a staycation.
* Hocance is a new type of Korean word indicating the trending culture of enjoying your vacation in a hotel.
* You can book nice hotels at a reasonable price especially in the off-season.
